# Finetuning-GPT2-On-Custom-Dataset
This repository contains the code for finetuning GPT2 model on custom dataset in this case tweet dataset to generate tweets in specific user's style. 

The model is finetuned for 1 epoch.

### Input: My dream is

### Model Output:
My dream is ->  to be a chef. That's exactly what I am now! I've worked full time as a consultant and consultant for over 15 years with an extensive portfolio of culinary training on the South Coast. I love the city, but I don't know how to live here in terms of food choices, location, and affordability for the people who live here. I have been to many local restaurants over the years and have had some successful successful restaurant owners. My dream is to be a chef. That's exactly what I am now! I've worked full time as a consultant and consultant for over 15 years with an extensive portfolio of culinary training on the South Coast. I love the city, but I don't know how to live here in terms of food choices, location, and affordability for
My dream is ->  to help create games for kids. I'm a big nerd and have no money and do my own work with my friends. My goal is to make games that are both casual and engaging.
My dream is ->  now.
My dream is ->  to play the same game on my mobile - it will be a challenge to get good at that game - not least because it's so complex.
My dream is ->  for the world to be a better place. We need to give up on the shackles that control so many people. A broken home, a broken life. We need to move forward and start making a difference in an area where our voices never got a chance. We need to stop feeling like we have no choice. We need to work with those we love and support each other, and not see a single person in the world like I did. My dream is to lead our lives so it can be more like it is right now.
My dream is ->  to have my life and my talents to become an artist. I'm excited to go to New York for the final leg of this tour, and hope you will keep in touch and keep coming back to me for more. My first gig in NYC will be in an old theater near the Waterfront Plaza, which should be great!
My dream is ->  to become an illustrator in Los Angeles. But that's not how I made it. I was lucky enough to get my first hand taste of drawing during a class I was taking at California State University, San Diego. It was a few years ago when I decided to start my work as a graphic designer, and a new concept for my next endeavor took me a little bit of time and a little bit of luck. The idea was to draw everything on canvas and turn it into a beautiful, beautiful piece that would let people know their art's really there. The trick was to do this while using only real things. The goal was to have everything we make out of canvas in a way that was unique to our concept, so that it would be unique to every individual.
My dream is ->  to be able to experience the universe that I love. I can look through walls, speak through walls, breathe through my eyes. I can taste the flavors of love. But that isn't true, because I want to share with you my love for humanity. My love for humankind. For mankind I am not just a part of the process of creation, but an author of our creation as we create ourselves. I am the author of humanity; an author of humankind has given me the possibility to experience the world as well. I've lived in this moment for many, many years: through a series of events, experiences, and events, a vision, a desire to experience all of the places in the universe, and then, finally, to be able to experience this universe in
My dream is ->  to make a new car that is much smaller and smoother than the previous one.
My dream is ->  that I could see myself in any of these groups. No matter what other people think of them. No matter how often they mention them, no matter how often they mention me, no matter how many times they mention that I have a crush on them. And the idea that I would be able to find myself in anyone of them. You are my dream. Thank you for everything you've done.
